Add note to outline correspondence with Consul config (#22545)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/configuration/storage/raft.mdx

  breaking a large value into chunks. By default, the chunk size is the same as
  Raft's max size log entry. The default value for this configuration is 1048576
  -- two times the chunking size.
  - **Note:** This option corresponds to [Consul's `kv_max_value_size` parameter](https://developer.hashicorp.com/consul/docs/agent/config/config-files#kv_max_value_size) for

>     Vault clusters using a Consul storage backend.  If you are migrating from Consul
>     storage to Raft Integrated Storage, ensure this value or its default aligns with
>     your Consul server configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Vault clusters using a Consul storage backend.  If you are migrating from Consul
    storage to Raft Integrated Storage,  and have changed this value in Consul from its
    default to a value larger than the Integrated Storage default of 1MB, then you will 
    need to make the same change in Vault's Integrated Storage config.
```

Reviewer: I've made a small change here to hopefully make it clearer that customers don't need to change the default unless they have special requirements
